hey guys pogostick 29 here as I'm sure
many of you know last night Friday
September twentieth two thousand
thirteen forty four days after I hit 500
subscribers i surpassed the 1000
subscriber mark when i started this
channel I never thought it would really
get anywhere I mean how many people
could possibly be interested in
programming but as it turns out a lot
over 1000 of you I cannot find words to
express how grateful I am to my fan base
for consistently supporting me in my
channel again thank you all in my
special thanks videos I like to do
something special for my 500 subscribers
special i accounted my life as a
programmer as i'm sure many of you know
i posted a video about a week ago
detailing how I'd successfully ported in
Minecraft to google glass the video
amassed a large number of views in a
short amount of time I got comments
ranging from you're amazing too this is
a total troll about a week later I
posted a comment clarifying that it is
in fact faked today I'd like to take you
behind the scenes and show you how I did
it even though I could never post
another video like this is you'd all
know it's fake this is a great little
prank to play on your friends or a cool
video for a school project I could
impress people i made this video in
Premiere Pro which is Adobe's
professional video editing software I if
you want to try it out you can go to
adobe com and download it I'm using our
CC Creative Cloud which is the latest
version so as you can see I have all of
my projects set up here this entire
video was filmed on my trusty iphone 5
believe it or not I don't have a very
good camera I know I make videos a lot
but I really don't have a good camera so
this entire thing was filmed on a
standard iphone 5 and I think it turned
out very well so the beginning and
ending parts were
with filmed in my room with my iPhone
sitting on a tripod but the more
interesting part is here now in order to
get the ax in order to get the
background part which was you know my
view of what i was looking at I actually
walked outside into my backyard and held
my iphone up to my face and that you
know simulated the first person
perspective um as far as the Minecraft
overlay it was simply I after I recorded
the video i opened up minecraft joined a
server with a few people that had known
about this ahead of time i began i
started playing the video that i had
filmed outside and i listened to my own
voice and and if I said you know walk
forward then I walked forward in the
game so then in here I can actually sync
it up so all this is is it is the video
out the video that i took outside by
itself and overlaid is a screen
recording that I took and cropped out
all of the parts i didn't need and i
took out the mouse and whatever then i
just took a standard white square and i
made it translucent uh and that's about
it sobh I'm you know making it
translucent it can kind of appear to be
you know it can kind of just appear to
be like a google glass kind of thing as
far as the voice commands I i got i
downloaded the google now sounds and I
you know I i put the google glass sounds
for the beginning and the ending these
are the same sounds that are used as
google now and i just put in another um
white rectangle and i put in the google
glass the ah sorry the google now icon
so this video really wasn't very hard to
make I mean there were I believe the
main place I slipped up was like look
around I don't think I perform that too
well but other than that the video did
turn out pretty well and it wasn't a
whole lot of effort so if you guys are
ever interested uh it's definitely a
pretty cool thing to try yourself you
know prank your friends impress your
teachers whatever so uh that's about it
I just wanted to show you guys a little
behind the scenes because I know that
that video sparked interest and I just
wanted to show you guys how I did it if
you ever wanted to try it yourself so if
you have any more questions about that
video or this one explaining how i did
it feel free to leave a comment you know
if you ever want to try it yourself and
you're wondering how to do something or
if you want to tip or whatever just ask
me and as always subscribe if you want
to see more common with what you want to
learn if you liked this video click the
like button and I will see you guys very
soon with a lot more videos I will try
my best to put them out I know that
there is such a high interest in them so
don't worry expect more videos probably
today goodbye